docs/data-sources/system_status.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_system_status Data Source - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Series resource.For more information refer to Series https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/system#status documentation.
---

# sonarr_system_status (Data Source)

Series resource.<br/>For more information refer to [Series](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/system#status) documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sonarr_system_status" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `app_data` (String) App data folder.
- `authentication` (String) Authentication.
- `branch` (String) Branch.
- `build_time` (String) Build time.
- `id` (Number) Delay Profile ID.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Is admin flag.
- `is_debug` (Boolean) Is debug flag.
- `is_linux` (Boolean) Is linux flag.
- `is_mono` (Boolean) Is mono flag.
- `is_mono_runtime` (Boolean) Is mono runtime flag.
- `is_osx` (Boolean) Is osx flag.
- `is_production` (Boolean) Is production flag.
- `is_user_interactive` (Boolean) Is user interactive flag.
- `is_windows` (Boolean) Is windows flag.
- `mode` (String) Mode.
- `os_name` (String) OS name.
- `os_version` (String) OS version.
- `package_author` (String) Package author.
- `package_update_mechanism` (String) Package update mechanism.
- `package_version` (String) Package version.
- `runtime_name` (String) Runtime name.
- `runtime_version` (String) Runtime version.
- `sqlite_version` (String) SQLite version.
- `start_time` (String) Start time.
- `startup_path` (String) Startup path.
- `url_base` (String) Base URL.
- `version` (String) Version.

Commit message:

test: fix system status access

docs/data-sources/system_status.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_system_status Data Source - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  System Status resource. User must have rights to read config.xml.For more information refer to System Status https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/system#status documentation.
---

# sonarr_system_status (Data Source)

System Status resource. User must have rights to read config.xml.<br/>For more information refer to [System Status](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/system#status) documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sonarr_system_status" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `app_data` (String) App data folder.
- `authentication` (String) Authentication.
- `branch` (String) Branch.
- `build_time` (String) Build time.
- `id` (Number) Delay Profile ID.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Is admin flag.
- `is_debug` (Boolean) Is debug flag.
- `is_linux` (Boolean) Is linux flag.
- `is_mono` (Boolean) Is mono flag.
- `is_mono_runtime` (Boolean) Is mono runtime flag.
- `is_osx` (Boolean) Is osx flag.
- `is_production` (Boolean) Is production flag.
- `is_user_interactive` (Boolean) Is user interactive flag.
- `is_windows` (Boolean) Is windows flag.
- `mode` (String) Mode.
- `os_name` (String) OS name.
- `os_version` (String) OS version.
- `package_author` (String) Package author.
- `package_update_mechanism` (String) Package update mechanism.
- `package_version` (String) Package version.
- `runtime_name` (String) Runtime name.
- `runtime_version` (String) Runtime version.
- `sqlite_version` (String) SQLite version.
- `start_time` (String) Start time.
- `startup_path` (String) Startup path.
- `url_base` (String) Base URL.
- `version` (String) Version.
