docs/resources/notification_join.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_join Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Join resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Join https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#join.
---

# sonarr_notification_join (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Join resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Join](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#join).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_join" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  device_names = "device1,device2"
  api_key      = "Key"
  priority     = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) NotificationJoin name.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key.
- `device_names` (String) Device names. Comma separated list.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `priority` (Number) Priority. `-2` Silent, `-1` Quiet, `0` Normal, `1` High, `2` Emergency.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_join.example 1
```

Commit message:

feat: add on_import_complete notification support

docs/resources/notification_join.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_join Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Join resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Join https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#join.
---

# sonarr_notification_join (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Join resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Join](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#join).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_join" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  device_names = "device1,device2"
  api_key      = "Key"
  priority     = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) NotificationJoin name.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key.
- `device_names` (String) Device names. Comma separated list.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_import_complete` (Boolean) On import complete flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `priority` (Number) Priority. `-2` Silent, `-1` Quiet, `0` Normal, `1` High, `2` Emergency.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_join.example 1
```
