docs/resources/notification_trakt.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_trakt Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Trakt resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Trakt https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#trakt.
---

# sonarr_notification_trakt (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Trakt resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Trakt](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#trakt).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_trakt" "example" {
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  auth_user    = "User"
  access_token = "AuthTOKEN"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access Token.
- `auth_user` (String) Auth user.
- `name` (String) NotificationTrakt name.

### Optional

- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Access Token.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.

### Read-Only

- `expires` (String) expires.
- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_trakt.example 1
```

Commit message:

feat: add on_import_complete notification support

docs/resources/notification_trakt.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_trakt Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Trakt resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Trakt https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#trakt.
---

# sonarr_notification_trakt (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Trakt resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Trakt](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#trakt).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_trakt" "example" {
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  auth_user    = "User"
  access_token = "AuthTOKEN"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access Token.
- `auth_user` (String) Auth user.
- `name` (String) NotificationTrakt name.

### Optional

- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_import_complete` (Boolean) On import complete flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Access Token.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.

### Read-Only

- `expires` (String) expires.
- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_trakt.example 1
```
