docs/resources/notification_email.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_email Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Email resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Email https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#email.
---

# sonarr_notification_email (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Email resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Email](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#email).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_email" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  server         = "http://email-server.net"
  port           = 587
  from           = "from_email@example.com"
  to             = ["user1@example.com", "user2@example.com"]
  use_encryption = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from` (String) From.
- `name` (String) NotificationEmail name.
- `server` (String) Server.
- `to` (Set of String) To.

### Optional

- `bcc` (Set of String) Bcc.
- `cc` (Set of String) Cc.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `port` (Number) Port.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.
- `use_encryption` (Number) Require encryption. `0` Preferred, `1` Always, `2` Never.
- `username` (String) Username.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_email.example 1
```

Commit message:

feat: add on_import_complete notification support

docs/resources/notification_email.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification_email Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Notification Email resource.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect and Email https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#email.
---

# sonarr_notification_email (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Notification Email resource.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect) and [Email](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/supported#email).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification_email" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  server         = "http://email-server.net"
  port           = 587
  from           = "from_email@example.com"
  to             = ["user1@example.com", "user2@example.com"]
  use_encryption = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from` (String) From.
- `name` (String) NotificationEmail name.
- `server` (String) Server.
- `to` (Set of String) To.

### Optional

- `bcc` (Set of String) Bcc.
- `cc` (Set of String) Cc.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_import_complete` (Boolean) On import complete flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `port` (Number) Port.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.
- `use_encryption` (Number) Require encryption. `0` Preferred, `1` Always, `2` Never.
- `username` (String) Username.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification_email.example 1
```
