docs/resources/notification.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Generic Notification resource. When possible use a specific resource instead.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect.
---

# sonarr_notification (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Generic Notification resource. When possible use a specific resource instead.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_rename                          = false
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  implementation  = "CustomScript"
  config_contract = "CustomScriptSettings"

  path = "/scripts/sonarr.sh"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_contract` (String) Notification configuration template.
- `implementation` (String) Notification implementation name.
- `name` (String) Notification name.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) Access token.
- `access_token_secret` (String, Sensitive) Access token secret.
- `always_update` (Boolean) Always update flag.
- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key.
- `app_token` (String, Sensitive) App token.
- `arguments` (String) Arguments.
- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) Auth token.
- `auth_user` (String) Auth user.
- `auth_username` (String) Username.
- `author` (String) Author.
- `avatar` (String) Avatar.
- `bcc` (Set of String) Bcc.
- `bot_token` (String) Bot token.
- `cc` (Set of String) Cc.
- `channel` (String) Channel.
- `channel_tags` (Set of String) Channel tags.
- `chat_id` (String) Chat ID.
- `clean_library` (Boolean) Clean library flag.
- `click_url` (String) Click URL.
- `configuration_key` (String, Sensitive) Configuration key.
- `consumer_key` (String) Consumer key.
- `consumer_secret` (String, Sensitive) Consumer secret.
- `device_ids` (Set of String) Device IDs.
- `device_names` (String) Device names.
- `devices` (Set of String) Devices.
- `direct_message` (Boolean) Direct message flag.
- `display_time` (Number) Display time.
- `event` (String) Event.
- `expire` (Number) Expire.
- `expires` (String) Expires.
- `field_tags` (Set of String) Tags and emojis.
- `from` (String) From.
- `grab_fields` (Set of Number) Grab fields. `0` Overview, `1` Rating, `2` Genres, `3` Quality, `4` Group, `5` Size, `6` Links, `7` Release, `8` Poster, `9` Fanart.
- `host` (String) Host.
- `icon` (String) Icon.
- `import_fields` (Set of Number) Import fields. `0` Overview, `1` Rating, `2` Genres, `3` Quality, `4` Codecs, `5` Group, `6` Size, `7` Languages, `8` Subtitles, `9` Links, `10` Release, `11` Poster, `12` Fanart.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) Key.
- `mention` (String) Mention.
- `method` (Number) Method. `1` POST, `2` PUT.
- `notification_type` (Number) Notification type. `0` Info, `1` Success, `2` Warning, `3` Failure.
- `notify` (Boolean) Notify flag.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_rename` (Boolean) On rename flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) password.
- `path` (String) Path.
- `port` (Number) Port.
- `priority` (Number) Priority.
- `receiver_id` (String) Receiver ID.
- `recipients` (Set of String) Recipients.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh token.
- `retry` (Number) Retry.
- `send_silently` (Boolean) Add silently flag.
- `sender_domain` (String) Sender domain.
- `sender_id` (String) Sender ID.
- `sender_number` (String) Sender Number.
- `server` (String) server.
- `server_url` (String) Server URL.
- `sign_in` (String) Sign in.
- `sound` (String) Sound.
- `stateless_urls` (String) Stateless URLs.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.
- `to` (Set of String) To.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token.
- `topics` (Set of String) Topics.
- `update_library` (Boolean) Update library flag.
- `url` (String) URL.
- `use_encryption` (Number) Require encryption. `0` Preferred, `1` Always, `2` Never.
- `use_eu_endpoint` (Boolean) Use EU endpoint flag.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use SSL flag.
- `user_key` (String) User key.
- `username` (String) Username.
- `web_hook_url` (String) Web hook url.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification.example 1
```

Commit message:

feat: add on_import_complete notification support

docs/resources/notification.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_notification Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Generic Notification resource. When possible use a specific resource instead.
  For more information refer to Notification https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect.
---

# sonarr_notification (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Notifications -->
Generic Notification resource. When possible use a specific resource instead.
For more information refer to [Notification](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#connect).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_notification" "example" {
  on_grab                            = false
  on_download                        = true
  on_upgrade                         = true
  on_rename                          = false
  on_series_delete                   = false
  on_episode_file_delete             = false
  on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade = true
  on_health_issue                    = false
  on_application_update              = false

  include_health_warnings = false
  name                    = "Example"

  implementation  = "CustomScript"
  config_contract = "CustomScriptSettings"

  path = "/scripts/sonarr.sh"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_contract` (String) Notification configuration template.
- `implementation` (String) Notification implementation name.
- `name` (String) Notification name.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) Access token.
- `access_token_secret` (String, Sensitive) Access token secret.
- `always_update` (Boolean) Always update flag.
- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key.
- `app_token` (String, Sensitive) App token.
- `arguments` (String) Arguments.
- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) Auth token.
- `auth_user` (String) Auth user.
- `auth_username` (String) Username.
- `author` (String) Author.
- `avatar` (String) Avatar.
- `bcc` (Set of String) Bcc.
- `bot_token` (String) Bot token.
- `cc` (Set of String) Cc.
- `channel` (String) Channel.
- `channel_tags` (Set of String) Channel tags.
- `chat_id` (String) Chat ID.
- `clean_library` (Boolean) Clean library flag.
- `click_url` (String) Click URL.
- `configuration_key` (String, Sensitive) Configuration key.
- `consumer_key` (String) Consumer key.
- `consumer_secret` (String, Sensitive) Consumer secret.
- `device_ids` (Set of String) Device IDs.
- `device_names` (String) Device names.
- `devices` (Set of String) Devices.
- `direct_message` (Boolean) Direct message flag.
- `display_time` (Number) Display time.
- `event` (String) Event.
- `expire` (Number) Expire.
- `expires` (String) Expires.
- `field_tags` (Set of String) Tags and emojis.
- `from` (String) From.
- `grab_fields` (Set of Number) Grab fields. `0` Overview, `1` Rating, `2` Genres, `3` Quality, `4` Group, `5` Size, `6` Links, `7` Release, `8` Poster, `9` Fanart.
- `host` (String) Host.
- `icon` (String) Icon.
- `import_fields` (Set of Number) Import fields. `0` Overview, `1` Rating, `2` Genres, `3` Quality, `4` Codecs, `5` Group, `6` Size, `7` Languages, `8` Subtitles, `9` Links, `10` Release, `11` Poster, `12` Fanart.
- `include_health_warnings` (Boolean) Include health warnings.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) Key.
- `mention` (String) Mention.
- `method` (Number) Method. `1` POST, `2` PUT.
- `notification_type` (Number) Notification type. `0` Info, `1` Success, `2` Warning, `3` Failure.
- `notify` (Boolean) Notify flag.
- `on_application_update` (Boolean) On application update flag.
- `on_download` (Boolean) On download flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete` (Boolean) On episode file delete flag.
- `on_episode_file_delete_for_upgrade` (Boolean) On episode file delete for upgrade flag.
- `on_grab` (Boolean) On grab flag.
- `on_health_issue` (Boolean) On health issue flag.
- `on_health_restored` (Boolean) On health restored flag.
- `on_import_complete` (Boolean) On import complete flag.
- `on_manual_interaction_required` (Boolean) On manual interaction required flag.
- `on_rename` (Boolean) On rename flag.
- `on_series_add` (Boolean) On series add flag.
- `on_series_delete` (Boolean) On series delete flag.
- `on_upgrade` (Boolean) On upgrade flag.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) password.
- `path` (String) Path.
- `port` (Number) Port.
- `priority` (Number) Priority.
- `receiver_id` (String) Receiver ID.
- `recipients` (Set of String) Recipients.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh token.
- `retry` (Number) Retry.
- `send_silently` (Boolean) Add silently flag.
- `sender_domain` (String) Sender domain.
- `sender_id` (String) Sender ID.
- `sender_number` (String) Sender Number.
- `server` (String) server.
- `server_url` (String) Server URL.
- `sign_in` (String) Sign in.
- `sound` (String) Sound.
- `stateless_urls` (String) Stateless URLs.
- `tags` (Set of Number) List of associated tags.
- `to` (Set of String) To.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token.
- `topics` (Set of String) Topics.
- `update_library` (Boolean) Update library flag.
- `url` (String) URL.
- `use_encryption` (Number) Require encryption. `0` Preferred, `1` Always, `2` Never.
- `use_eu_endpoint` (Boolean) Use EU endpoint flag.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use SSL flag.
- `user_key` (String) User key.
- `username` (String) Username.
- `web_hook_url` (String) Web hook url.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Notification ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_notification.example 1
```
