docs/resources/quality_profile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_quality_profile Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Profiles"
description: |-
  Quality Profile resource.
  For more information refer to Quality Profile https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#quality-profiles documentation.
---

# sonarr_quality_profile (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Profiles -->Quality Profile resource.
For more information refer to [Quality Profile](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#quality-profiles) documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_quality_profile" "example" {
  name            = "example-4k"
  upgrade_allowed = true
  cutoff          = 1100

  quality_groups = [
    {
      id   = 1100
      name = "4k"
      qualities = [
        {
          id         = 18
          name       = "WEBDL-2160p"
          source     = "web"
          resolution = 2160
        },
        {
          id         = 19
          name       = "Bluray-2160p"
          source     = "bluray"
          resolution = 2160
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Quality Profile Name.
- `quality_groups` (Attributes Set) Quality groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quality_groups))

### Optional

- `cutoff` (Number) Quality ID to which cutoff.
- `cutoff_format_score` (Number) Cutoff format score.
- `format_items` (Attributes Set) Format items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--format_items))
- `min_format_score` (Number) Min format score.
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Upgrade allowed flag.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Quality Profile ID.

<a id="nestedatt--quality_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quality_groups`

Required:

- `qualities` (Attributes Set) Qualities in group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quality_groups--qualities))

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Quality group ID.
- `name` (String) Quality group name.

<a id="nestedatt--quality_groups--qualities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quality_groups.qualities`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Quality ID.
- `name` (String) Quality name.
- `resolution` (Number) Resolution.
- `source` (String) Source.



<a id="nestedatt--format_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `format_items`

Optional:

- `format` (Number) Format.
- `name` (String) Name.
- `score` (Number) Score.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_quality_profile.example 10
```

Commit message:

fix: quality profile use all formats and ordered quality groups

docs/resources/quality_profile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sonarr_quality_profile Resource - terraform-provider-sonarr"
subcategory: "Profiles"
description: |-
  Quality Profile resource.
  For more information refer to Quality Profile https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#quality-profiles documentation.
---

# sonarr_quality_profile (Resource)

<!-- subcategory:Profiles -->Quality Profile resource.
For more information refer to [Quality Profile](https://wiki.servarr.com/sonarr/settings#quality-profiles) documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarr_quality_profile" "example" {
  name            = "example-4k"
  upgrade_allowed = true
  cutoff          = 1100

  quality_groups = [
    {
      id   = 1100
      name = "4k"
      qualities = [
        {
          id         = 18
          name       = "WEBDL-2160p"
          source     = "web"
          resolution = 2160
        },
        {
          id         = 19
          name       = "Bluray-2160p"
          source     = "bluray"
          resolution = 2160
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Quality Profile Name.
- `quality_groups` (Attributes List) Ordered list of allowed quality groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quality_groups))

### Optional

- `cutoff` (Number) Quality ID to which cutoff.
- `cutoff_format_score` (Number) Cutoff format score.
- `format_items` (Attributes Set) Format items. Only the ones with score > 0 are needed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--format_items))
- `min_format_score` (Number) Min format score.
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Upgrade allowed flag.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Quality Profile ID.

<a id="nestedatt--quality_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quality_groups`

Required:

- `qualities` (Attributes List) Ordered list of qualities in group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quality_groups--qualities))

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Quality group ID.
- `name` (String) Quality group name.

<a id="nestedatt--quality_groups--qualities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quality_groups.qualities`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Quality ID.
- `name` (String) Quality name.
- `resolution` (Number) Resolution.
- `source` (String) Source.



<a id="nestedatt--format_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `format_items`

Optional:

- `format` (Number) Format.
- `name` (String) Name.
- `score` (Number) Score.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import sonarr_quality_profile.example 10
```
